docs/README.md, before:

# Welcome

Welcome to the initial joint release of the Trajectory Computing Library  **libtrajcomp** and the R module **trajcomp**. 
This project tries to collect various algorithms from the field
of trajectory computing in efficient implementations and make it accessible for everyone.

>libTrajcomp collects various algorithms from the field of trajectory computing. [Tweet It](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=libTrajcomp+collects+various+algorithms+from+the+field+of+trajectory+computing.&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrajectorycomputing.com%2F&hashtags=BigData,DataScience&via=trajcomp)

For some notes on the structure of this project and some involved design choices, check
out the [Design Page](/design)

If you can give useful comments or even contribute algorithms or patches,
send them to me via email or [GitHub](https://github.com/mwernerds/trajcomp).

Have fun and nice research results with our library and consider the following resources and articles:

* Send all your questions, ideas, and also stories of using this package to me,
* Spread a word about libtrajcomp and the associated R module trajcomp,
* Check out the source and cooperate via [GitHub](https://github.com/mwernerds/trajcomp).



Thank you for visiting this page,<BR> 
[Martin Werner](http://www.martinwerner.de/)

Commit message:

testing Wmd-based mini-tutorial

docs/README.md, after:

# Welcome

Welcome to the initial joint release of the Trajectory Computing Library  **libtrajcomp** and the R module **trajcomp**. 
This project tries to collect various algorithms from the field
of trajectory computing in efficient implementations and make it accessible for everyone.

>libTrajcomp collects various algorithms from the field of trajectory computing. [Tweet It](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=libTrajcomp+collects+various+algorithms+from+the+field+of+trajectory+computing.&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrajectorycomputing.com%2F&hashtags=BigData,DataScience&via=trajcomp)

For a quick start, head into the [Mini-Tutorial](mini-tutorial.md)


If you can give useful comments or even contribute algorithms or patches,
send them to me via email or [GitHub](https://github.com/mwernerds/trajcomp).

Have fun and nice research results with our library and consider the following resources and articles:

* Send all your questions, ideas, and also stories of using this package to me,
* Spread a word about libtrajcomp and the associated R module trajcomp,
* Check out the source and cooperate via [GitHub](https://github.com/mwernerds/trajcomp).



Thank you for visiting this page,<BR> 
[Martin Werner](http://www.martinwerner.de/)
